Reduced to mere skeletons by one’s grief.
哀毁骨立 (Aī huǐ gǔ lì)

Love my house, love the crow on it.
爱屋及乌 (ài wū jí wū)

One gourd is pushued under the water, but another floats up.
按下葫芦起了瓢。 (àn xia húlu qǐ le piáo)

Almost grieved to death.
悲痛欲绝 (Bēi tòng yù jué)

You can’t expect to catch a cub without venturing into a tigress’s den.
不入虎穴焉得虎子 (Bù rù hǔxué, yān dé hǔzǐ)

Eight Immortals cross the sea, each employing his or her theurgy.
八仙过海，各显其能 (Bāxiān guò hǎi, gè xiǎn qí néng)

Seeing once is better than hearing a hundred times.
百闻不如一见 (Bǎi wén bù rú yí jiàn)

Display one’s proficiency of axe in front of the master carpenter.
班门弄斧 (Bān mén nòng fǔ)

Lift a stone only to drop on one’s own feet.
搬起石头砸自己的脚 (Bān qǐ shítóu zá zìjǐ de jiǎo)

A bottle half filled (with vinegar) tends to rock.
半瓶醋—乱晃荡 (Bàn píng cù—luàn huàngdang)

Putting out a fire while holding firewood.
抱薪救火 (Bào xīn jiù huǒ)

Mistaking the reflection of a bow in a cup for a snake.
杯弓蛇影 (Bēi gōng shé yǐng)

How can you put out a fire set on a cart load of firewood with only a cup of water?
杯水车薪 (Bēi shuǐ chē xīn)

A clumsy bird that flies first will get to the forest earlier.
笨鸟先飞早入林 (Bèn niǎo xiān fēi zǎo rù lín)

You have no idea how much rice and fuel cost without being the head of a household.
不当家不知柴米贵 (Bù dāngjiā bù zhī chái mǐ guì)

You can’t appreciate the love of your parents without having children of your own.
不养儿不知父母恩 (bù yǎng ér bù zhī fùmǔ ēn)

Shed no tears until seeing the coffin.
不见棺材不落泪 (Bù jiàn guāncái bù luò lèi)

Not giving up until one reaches the Yellow River.
不到黄河不死心 (Bù dào Huánghé bù sǐxīn)

We are not so much concerned when you are slow as when you come to a halt.
不怕慢，就怕站 (Bú pà màn, jiù pà zhàn)

A fire set to a city gate kills the fish in the moat down below.
城门失火，殃及池鱼 (Chéngmén shī huó, yāng jí chíyú)

A new born calf fears no tigers.
初生之犊不怕虎 (Chū shēng zhī dú bù pà hǔ)

Flies never infest an egg without cracks.
苍蝇不叮无缝蛋 (Cāngyíng bù dīng wú fèng dàn)

Hidden dragons, crouching tigers.
藏龙卧虎 (Cáng lóng wò hǔ)

A minimal error at the start leads to a wide divergence in the distance.
差之毫厘，失之千里 (Chà zhī háo lí, miù yǐ qiān lǐ)

One who walks along a river frequently cannot avoid getting his shoes wet.
常在河边走，哪能不湿鞋 (Cháng zài hébiān zǒu, nǎ néng bù shī xié)
